Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, okay. Lamborghini, mercy. Yo chick, she so thirsty. I'm in that juicy Lambo and your chick, she trying to jerk me. Know what I'm saying, man? Let's rock. Alright, so... What's good? It's Saturday. Sunday, Monday, Sunday, Wednesday, Thursday. Eeny, meeny, miny, moe. jump from toe to toe hip hop lip lock on the dildo let's get popping all right so as you guys can tell by the name of this video i'm announcing my new broker if you guys haven't seen the tiktok video already um this is the video for you to figure out what broker I'm moving with. So we'll go ahead and jump right in. We'll go over why I chose the broker that I decided to go with. We'll go over the pros. We'll go over the cons. We'll go over the in-between stuff. We'll go over girl advice. We'll go over boy advice. We'll go over it all in today's video. Today's video is going to be a 24-hour live stream of TJR until Sunday, until I get tucked back in at night. All right, so let's get started. TjR Trades is taking his talents to AirFX. Okay, to start off I would like to say, actually no let's just let's do something right now. before you guys go ahead and get into this. Okay? Look at this. Okay. Well, there's two reviews on this. This is fine. We'll see this. Okay. Well, all right. Everybody's saying good shit. Okay. Well, that's not doing that great. There's... I need to find this. Okay. Same website. AirFX.co. Scam. Okay. Why, why, why when you look up AirFX, and I purposely want to talk about this because there's something new. Okay. Why, when you look up TJR's brand new brokerage and look at reviews, some of them say AirFX is a scam. Okay. Well, there's multiple reasons. The first reason, it's an unregulated offshore brokerage. Newsflash, dipshit, literally every single foreign exchange brokerage that allows you to trade majors, minors, indexes, futures, commodities, energies, literally all that stuff, crypto, on your foreign exchange brokerage, it has to be offshore and it has to be unregulated. And also on top of that, regulated Forex brokers suck dick. Okay. You have to follow us rules. You have to follow literally a bunch of other stuff. Um, like that just make trading very difficult. You have to follow us rules. Okay. I'm not a fan of us Forex brokers. Okay. So that takes the unregulated side of the thing. So don't fall for any regulating agency. Okay. Whatever. Moving forward. There was like some, I haven't seen it, but I saw some people saying like, oh, like it says AirFX is a scam. Okay. Yeah, it was a scam completely. Probably. I'm sure it was. However, there's a new owner and I know that new owner personally. Okay. So what do these people do? this new owner, they literally, their job is when they go into struggling or like scam unregulated brokerages, buy them out, rebrand them, revamp them and boom, instantly make them a lot better. Okay. So now with the new owners, obviously I wouldn't be fucking, you know, an affiliate or partnered or even using these guys. If it was a fucking scam, I wouldn't put my own funds at risk, guys. Let's use our heads here, okay? So these guys, they just bought out AirFX, okay? If you guys know HeroFX, okay, who Lambo Rawools partnered with, literally a bunch of the top guys in the Forex industry, it is the same owners, okay? The same owners that bought out HeroFX, revamped it, rebranded it, got all of literally the top Forex traders in the game onto HeroFX, okay? It is the same owners. They're doing the same thing with AirFX. And the reason why they wanted me to move over to AirFX, I wanted to go to Hero. And I approached them and I was like, look, man, I want to go to HeroFX. You guys look great. And they were like, look, bro, we just bought out AirFX and we're going to make it better than Hero by giving way more competitive prices, way more competitive deals than Hero because we need to revamp this We need to clear its name We want to make this a better brokerage So who knows how long AirFX is going to be able to keep these competitive things up like raw spreads no commission accounts Who knows how long that going to last until this thing turns into a fucking bomb-ass, fire-ass brokerage. Okay, so that is just to clear the name. Also, I'm like their first big name trader that's moving over here with these guys. Okay, I know three very, very large and like big, well-known traders within the space that are also getting partnered with AirFX sometime in the near future. I'm not, I don't think I'm allowed to say who it is, but if you guys follow them, if you guys see, like you guys will see a lot of big names coming over to AirFX in the future because the same people that run Hero now run AirFX, okay? As you can see, right, the branding just looks like it's brand new. Okay, so now let's get into the pros and all the cons okay so this is just their home page I wanted to go into like my own dash and like show you guys stuff but it shows like way too much information that is pretty private um and you guys will see like once you log in and connect your shit like you'll be you'll understand why I didn't want to share my own dashboard because it shows like literally all your accounts fucking like the account numbers, your full name, all your money in there. And then also like other shit, like ID verification, like all that stuff. We're just going to go over their homepage and talk about the pros and cons. Um, I will be posting like videos in the future showing like proof of deposits and proof of proof of withdrawals because you know, I obviously want to be transparent with you guys. So look for that coming in the future. Um, but anyways, let's get right into this. Welcome to AirFX, your trusted Forex broker. Shut the fuck up. Okay. So these are kind of like the main pros. Okay. So if I'm being real, okay, these two, you can't have both. Okay. Or else that would just be OP. Okay. You either have to choose between a raw spread account or a zero commission account. Whatever works best for your trading. Okay. Figure out whether you're a scalper, long-term trader, swing trader. Okay. Whatever works best for you. right raw spreads I'll probably go with raw spreads just because I would much rather have money get take out from get taken out from commission rather than getting a trash ass fill right I would rather get filled like at the point where I actually enter versus you know like having um having zero commission and then getting a bad fill that's just me you guys can choose what you guys want to do they also offer a 100 deposit bonus so let's say I come in here with a thousand dollars. I deposit a thousand thousand dollars. They have a program where they will pretty much match that deposit bonus. However, however, however, however, if you guys put in a thousand dollars, they match it to 2k. Guess what? You can't just go in there and withdraw the thousand dollars that they match you guys with. It doesn't work like that. They're just giving you extra liquidity to put in your account. So they're just, you still technically only have a thousand dollars of real money of your money within that trading account. They're just giving you more money to play with, more money to trade with to give you guys more leverage. Okay. And whether that's a good thing or a bad thing, you decide. Me personally, I'm not going to do this because I'm trading with a lot of money anyways, and I don't necessarily need this. If let's say you guys are, you know, have not a bunch of money, like let's say you got a hundred dollar account and you can't even place a 0.01 lot size on like the S&P 500, maybe this is for you. So you can actually take those trades. All right. And also fast execution. You instantly get filled when you enter a trade. Also, they have 15 minute withdrawals. That's not mentioned on here. I've yet to test it out, but I mean, I know people from HeroFX that have said the same thing, and I'm sure this is similar. So once I start getting withdrawals in, I'll obviously show you guys proof of that, like show you guys like email timestamps and stuff, which I'm really excited for because Hanko Trade, oh my fucking God, bro. Literally, if you guys know when you guys got a withdrawal from Hanko Trade, that shit would take like a day and a half, bro. You would have to boom, submit your withdrawal. And then they would fucking like either call you or send you an email and be like, Hey, what was the Bitcoin address? Like send the confirmed like Bitcoin address that you tried to withdraw to. And then they process the thing like a day later, this boom, 15 minutes hits your crypto wallet and you're good to go. All right, let's scroll. Look how pretty create your live account today. I already did that. Also huge reason why, why I'm happy about this broker. It's a Meditrator 5 brokerage. Okay. Ah, damn it. Market's closed. I will show you guys in another video and like some other bootcamp 2.0 video. Meditrator 5 is so fucking fire. Okay. When you do chart work on it here, I can pull up a chart right now on MT5. On Meditrator 5, the charts are, first of all, so much better to do chart work on. So like, let's say you're on the run here. Let me add a little Forex pair on here. boop, boop, okay, chart. Okay, so this is what the chart looks like, right? It's got stupid freaking stuff on here because I haven't gotten this. First of all, you can execute on the chart screen. So if you tap that top right corner, you get the buy and the sell button up there. So now, instead of having to freaking bounce back and forth between the chart right like between having to bounce back and forth between here and here and here and seeing whether there is a break of structure or not Boom I can just camp on the five minute timeframe. You choose the lot size that you want up here, right? It pulls up the little number thing for you. You type in whatever number you want. Let's say I want to put a hundred lots on the S&P 500. Then you click buy or sell. Boom. Simple as that. And then you can manage your stop-loss position however you like. Again, let me tell you why I'm, that's not even why I'm happy about MetaTrader 5. MetaTrader 5, the reason why I'm happy about this, when you move your stop-loss to breakeven, instead of having to like, you know, figure out where, oh, where was my entry price? Where was this? Where was that? You literally click on your stop-loss and then you can drag it to your breakeven. It does all the numbers shit for you. You don't got to check what number it is. don't got to worry about any of that. It'll show your entry. You can click on your stop loss, boom, drag it to entry. Same thing with your take profits. Okay. You can write, let's say your take profit is up here and you're like, whoa, I don't actually don't want it up here. You click it, boom. You can just drag it and adjust the price for you. Super fucking fire. I'm very happy about moving over to MetaTrader 5, MetaTrader 4. Like MetaTrader 4 is fine. Like I've been fine trading on that, but you know, MetaTrader 5 has just always been better. Okay. Also talk about funding, funding your accounts. Okay. They have a bunch of this new stuff coming in because right again, just got bought out by these guys right now. They're only offering crypto deposits, but we're getting wire transfers. We're getting ACH and we're getting Visa and MasterCard fucking payment processing soon, bro. I'm so excited about this. Okay. Super, super, super, super, super hype. Okay. And again, right. Let's talk about the account types that they have. They have three different account types. They have zero commission. Okay. Again, giving you raw spreads, low flat rate commissions, hedge. You can hedge on these, which is great. You can use EAs, trading bots, whatever you guys want. All pairs. Also, bro, there's literally every fucking pair possible on this thing. There's, there's stocks on this, bro. There's EU stocks. There's US stocks. there's all major forex pairs there's all minor forex pairs there's exotic forex pairs there's commodities there's energies there's futures bro all the fucking futures nerds i know you guys love sucking off futures futures is just so smooth i love trading futures suck my dick bitch i can do the same thing on my brokerage now okay and you can trade like random ass shit bro like stupid ass commodities, even though I won't do that because like, you know, who knows, but like you can trade the fucking coffee bean or corn. What other brokerage allows you to do that? You can also trade crypto on here. Like this shit is so fire, bro. I'm so excited for this. Okay. Moving forward. These are just like little freaking reviews and then all that. Okay. So boom, this is the broker that I'm now moving over with. Okay. I'm very, very excited about this. um here we can click on the trading assets right now again majors minors exotics energies indexes futures metals stocks and crypto all on fucking metatrader you don't have to use multiple brokerages like bro for me i hated having to and i mean i still do this because i prefer to have my investments in another place than like a trading account but let's say like i want to day trade crypto now, boom, I can just do it on the same fucking account that I trade Forex on. Oh, let's say I want to experiment with stocks. Okay. I never will, but let's say I want to boom. Perfect. I can still do it on the, my MetaTrader five account. Let's say I want to trade indexes. Let's say I want to trade futures. Perfect. I can still do it on my foreign exchange, fucking brokerages brokerage. I'm very excited about this. Um, if you guys want to join this, the least that you guys can do, I put out all this free content for you guys. There's going to be link in the little description per usual. Click on that. It's going to be the second link on there. It's just going to say my brokerage. Click on that. It'll take you to the same page that I'm on right now and it'll help you guys log in, set up your account. And one thing about this, if you guys are under 18, you will not be able to trade on this account. However, there's a way around it. I'm not going to like fully promote this, but I'm just going to tell you guys how you can do it if you want to. Again, first of all, start off on a demo account. Make sure you are profitable trading on demo before you jump into a live account. But if you're under 18 and you do want to move over to a live account, this is what I would do. Okay. Go up to your mommy and daddy. Say mama, dada. Remember how, how I, how I really wanted to be trading stocks in Forex and indexes and I'm going to be a millionaire. Yeah. Can I use your ID really quick so I can use verification so I can pursue my dreams and, and make you guys retire at the age of 16. And then if they say no, obey your fucking parents. But if they say yes, perfect. Use their ID. And then from there you're chilling. Um, but again, I don't want to fucking promote this shit, but like, make sure you guys are profitable before jumping into a live account. Um, they do AirFX does offer demo accounts, so if you guys wanna rock with a demo account, boom, by all means, just open up an account with them. Okay, rock with your demo account from there, boom. You guys will be able to jump into a demo, practice your trades on there, and then once you guys are ready, go into a small live account and then also from there from that small live account you guys will be able to you guys will be able to trade live So yeah this is TJR new brokerage Super hyped about this. You guys will probably be seeing me post about them. Moving forward, I'm also going to their like little meetup. I know Lambo Raul, because again, same owners as HeroFX, he's going to be doing like a speech or like a meetup type of thing in Miami in the middle of September that I will also be attending. And then also one of the other really large traders that's yet to announce that they are moving over to this brokerage. They will be attending that event as well, which I'm super excited about. So three really big traders popping out to Miami middle of September. If you guys live in Miami, I'll keep you guys updated with that. I'll probably toss it on my story for a little meet and greet if you guys do want to meet me. I'm really excited to meet all you guys that are out there. So that being said, that is the video for today. Just announcing my new brokerage. I love and appreciate all of you guys. Again, I just want to say, let's get up close and personal real quick. I just want to say like, like, obviously I make a bunch of money from trading and have made a ton of money from trading, but like, I do have you guys to thank for just putting me in like a great position in terms of social media, like for fucking with me. Like, I feel like I don't give enough thanks because there's like some kind of stipulation about like, you know, traders saying like, thank you for, you know, like to their audience for, you know, giving them stuff. Like when, you know, most people, most influencers are like, thank you. You guys like made all this possible. Like, obviously like you guys didn't make this fucking crib and like all my fucking bread, like possible. However, you guys did like, and have been putting me in just like awesome positions to meet cool ass people, bro. Like I remember when I was just like a young ass unprofitable jet, like watching these big name traders and thinking like, man, I would love to do what they're doing one day. Or like, I would love to meet them. I would love to be their friends along with people in the lifting industry, bro. Like you guys see my vlogs, like lifting is one of my huge hobbies. And now I'm friends with guys that I used to watch on YouTube, like fucking diehard, bro. Like I was a diehard fan of all these guys like years ago. And now I can say like, they're my close friends. They're like cool people. And I just want to say like, from the bottom of my heart, like I really do appreciate you guys for being able to put me in the position to just have these conversations with these people or just like to even get on their radar to you know have the potential to be friends with them or um you know like also like bro like echo vision like who would have thought that i would have been able to be sponsored by a fucking pre-workout company or a company that's willing to make like a trading supplement for me with my name on it bro like it like it it means the world to me, um, to be able to be put in these positions. And like, again, like I, all of that shit is because of you guys. Like, I definitely do not take that shit for granted. Like life would be, you know, believe it or not, like way different if I was just rich as fuck and not like, you know, clouded as well. Like life is cool and all when you got a lot of bread. Um, but again, like with, with the social media stuff, you guys are putting me in great positions to meet like really great people giving me, um, possibilities to make awesome connections. Like you guys have helped me level up, whether you guys know it or not, not just through like monetary wise, like that, that was already taken care of, but just in terms of my, like my network, like that was the next barrier that I had to break through. Like, who's going to take a 21 year old, like goofball fucking serious, who never wears pants, who only wears shorts, who, you know, talks crazy, who has long hair, who has like a tattoo, who wears fucking chains, who, you know, it was just like goofy as fuck says whatever the hell he wants, makes like get like, who makes like goofy ass jokes. Like most people wouldn't really want to be like associated with that. Um, but because you guys have set me up like socially or like in this little like social media sphere, you guys have been able to put me in those positions to be able to establish, establish myself as like, Hey, like this dude, like is actually legit. Like he knows what he's doing. Um, he's cool people. And like, I, I owe that all to you guys. So I appreciate you guys. And I really, like, I say that at the end of every single video, like I really do appreciate you guys. I make sure to let you guys know that day in and day out because y'all are my family. Y'all are my people. Y'all are my friends. Y'all are my boys. Y'all are my girls. You know what I'm saying? So again, I really do appreciate all the love and all the support that y'all have been giving me. Bootcamp 2.0. I'm ready to fucking rock. I'm ready to kick this shit off. I think we're going to do a little crypto talk on the tomorrow going over, you know, just like a bunch of stuff, my crypto sentiment moving forward for like some high timeframe stuff for some long-term stuff, um, which I'm really excited about. So that being said, much love. I'll catch you guys in the next one. Peace.