I can't explain, I got a feeling that I just, I can't erase The feeling that I want, and we behind He's on my mind, I guess it goes like na-na-na, na-na-na-na-na, na-na-na-na-na, la-la-la-la-la. Alright boys, welcome, welcome back. Welcome back to another bootcamp, another trade recap, and another tip and trick little video for you guys. So today we have two trades that we're going to go over. One is currently still live. Another one has currently hit three take profits. The other one is still moving, still like stop loss and take profit are still live. Who knows where it's going to go. But that being said, let's let's jump right into this, boys. So we'll first go over the trade that is currently already done its job. So this is gold. All right. So this was just a classic TJR Forex strategy execution. All right. So we had these New York stock exchange lows. All right. We see price kind of dump into these during this previous New York session. and I did see that this little leg up here with this break of structure this really wasn't enough for me this again like I always say market experience it really just was like I just didn't wasn't a fan of this the break of structure wasn't enough and I wanted to ideally see the majority of this fair value gap to get filled if not all of it and then look what happened. Price came on down, filled all of it, came back up, boom, bops its head, breaks the structure of the upside when New York was actually open. This is obviously start of pre-market. And then we see New York actually open at 1430 right here. And then we get the break of structure entered off that stop underneath these lows. My Forex strategy doesn't necessarily need to wait for a third confluence. So price went up, hit our take profit one, which was based off of the previous New York Stock Exchange highs. As you guys know, I like to mark out the highs and lows with just from the base up to the wick. So our first take profit was right here. And unfortunately for me, I know some people in the discord were able to, you know, stick this one out, but I got hit for take profit one, ended up making, um, 7.7 K and then boom, we just barely, barely got wicked out at break even. However, some people in the discord were able to stay in this and price ended up hitting take profit two and three, which again is based off of, um, these Asian session and I guess London session combined, um, highs, right? We did it off the base of the candle and then off the wick of the candle. Those three got hit. We still have an extended take profit that some Discord members are actually still in. So stop as I break even on this if they're still in it. Pretty simple trade, just purely took it off of like this liquidity sweep, this taking out of these previous session lows. Simple little five minute break of structure and now prices rallying. How I could have executed this better? I really like this trade. My forex strategy is pretty plain and simple. Just wait for these session lows to get taken out and then wait for a five minute break of structure. And this is kind of what I was talking about yesterday. When you win, you have trouble trying to figure out what you could have done better. Honestly, for me, what I could have done better is maybe wait for a little dip down. As we can see on the five minute, we see, okay, we get that break of structure, but then we see a little dip down on the five minute. And that usually happens. After you get a break of structure, there's usually an instant reaction like to the downside to kind of like scare people out like as we can see right here um so honestly like if i had entered just like off that little dip down even off the body of this like i would have been saved and would have ended up being able to hit take profit two three and then potentially four all the way up there so that's how i would say i could have traded this one better now let go over this gu trade that we are currently in Very very similar execution on this We have right over here literally same execution We have these previous New York session lows. Okay, we did it off the base of the candle down to the wick. And as we can see right in here, okay, price tapped into it. We're waiting for a break of structure. We get it, boom, when New York Stock Exchange opens, which New York Stock Exchange opened right here on this candle. We get a break of structure entered purely off the break of structure because my Forex strategy, I don't know, that's just like work for the past in me and never really needed to wait for an extra confluence on it. Um, and now we're currently just sitting, um, in a little bit of drawdown right now. Um, let me get rid of this real quick. Um, it's currently just sitting in a little bit of drawdown. Who knows if this is going to come stop me out. Who knows if this is going to want to seek out these all-time lows all the way over here. The reason why I took this was a couple of things. We have a high timeframe order block right here off this, right? We can see this quick move down and then boom, big expansion to the upside. So high timeframe order block along with these New York lows getting tapped into along with the break of structure of the upside on the five minute hitting pretty much every single confluence on the Forex strategy. We pushed up for a little bit, took out some liquidity here. It looks like we're retracing down a bit. We still are fulfilling bullish structure on the 15 minute. For now, we're still fulfilling bullish structure on the five minutes. So again, I'm unconcerned about this. You know, how I could have traded this better. Honestly, I like this trade. Maybe if I do get stopped out, maybe I should have waited for these New York lows to fully get taken out. um you know we did just come off of like this big expansion down um so maybe you know focus on focus on the the daily bias or the trend a little bit better um but this was the execution that i decided to take for this morning um because i did expect to see like a bit of relief after this big dump down similar to that gj trade that we took yesterday um if we look where was it uh can't even remember. Well, we took it off, off something. Oh yeah. It was right over here. We took the longs, um, uh, right over here. Price ended up rallying real, real high, ended up hitting like two or three take profits on that. So that's pretty good. Um, now let's go over some of like the tips and things that I would like to focus on. I honestly want to have the same conversation that I had with my discord this morning. Um, and if you guys don't know, I take all these trades live with my discord every morning. Um, the discord is currently closed right now, but you guys can, first of all, get access to the free discord just through the link in my bio. It'll take you to the WAP page and you just hit boom, the free access. Um, and from there you can get on the wait list to join. And from there you can, you know, like you'll put your card information in, you won't get charged until the first of the month and that's when you'll get access to it. Or you could just wait until the first through the seventh of every single month. Um, and that's when the discord will end up being open. Um, so just putting that out there, if you do want to take advantage of that. Um, but I would like to talk about, uh, what we talked about on the discord, which was essentially like, again, your mindset when it comes to trading. Um, and like today we entered this trade right here, find like off this break of structure, um, to the upside. And we instantly see like one doji candle in the five minute. And then like kind of a large like bearish candle to the downside however we're still bullish on the five minute and a bunch like i'm obviously reading the chat and discord and everyone's saying like oh we're going to lose this i can't like i don't i don't know why i took this this was a stupid trade shouldn't have done this um and like we measured it out from our entry down to where price went price went down 11 pips. Our stop loss in total is 24 pips. So price didn't even move down 50% of what we were willing to risk of our drawdown. Didn't even move down that much. Um, and people were already stressing out. People were already getting emotional about the, the trade that they were in the trade that they, they took, right? Like this is a trade that I took. Um, and they by all means didn't have to take it. I was just giving, you know, what I was, what I was taking and like, you know, giving my, my confluences on it and showing them what they paid for. Um, and it was just like, it kind of got to the point where like, I'd been seeing that, um, day in and day out on the discord. So I kind of snapped today. I kind of went on a bit of a rant and for any discord members watching this go ahead and write down in the comments you know like how it went I think you guys took it great I pretty much was saying Hey look like you got to have a real conversation with yourself If you really stressing about price moving down less than 50 into drawdown and that's causing you to get out of a trade or that's causing you to second guess a trade, maybe trading is not for you. Or maybe you need to have a serious conversation with yourself. Like, Hey, I need to fix my emotions to get better at this because right now I'm getting real, real emotional while trading. And that's just not a good headspace to be in. Maybe you need to, first of all, de-risk. Maybe you shouldn't even be on a live account. If you're having those thoughts and those emotions, you definitely shouldn't be on a live account. You should be trading on demo. You should be learning the skill of trading until you can prove to yourself that, hey, I'm worthy enough to be trading on a actual live account. And then moving from there, I kind of, you know, like got on their ass about, you know, their emotions and all that stuff. And then on top of that, I was talking about how trading, like you need to treat this as like a full-time job. I treat this as a job. I get pretty locked in when I trade and it's pretty distracting or it's not even distracting. It's just like, you know, I obviously read the Discord chat while we're trading and while we're like, you know, supposed to be working. And it's like pretty crazy how like people are like making jokes, like, you know, sending a bunch of stuff in there. And it's like there's a time and place for all that stuff. And I just don't necessarily think the two hours out of the day where you're supposed to lock in and focus on your job is that time and place for that stuff. um you know like you have 22 other hours during the day um versus you know when you could have just like two hours of your day where you got to stay focused and stay locked in and you know like not be emotional not let um not let like your emotions get the best of you and like even right now like you know like i'm in drawdown and i i don't care first of all because we hit i hit take profit one on gold like i'm probably chilling for the day um even if this does end up stopping me out. And it's like, you know, you just have to, you just have to sit down and be like, okay, do I actually want to take this seriously? Because that's the only way that you'll get better at this. If you actually take it seriously. And if you treat it like a full-time job, if you're like, you know, messing around, like, you know, sending memes or just like goofing off, not paying too much attention to the charts, not actually focusing before you trade, like it's going to direct, it's going to directly affect your performance. Um, you know, like, so if you're sitting there wondering, hey, why am I not winning trades? And like, you're just rolling out of bed right when New York Stock Exchange opens. And you're, you're like taking trade half asleep. That's, you know, that's probably a big reason why, why you're losing trades, right? Like, would you I mean, some of you guys might just roll out of bed and go straight to your job, but not a job that's high performance that it's like playing playing sports, you know, like, would you roll straight out of bed and like, you know, five minutes later, you got to play in a basketball game, no stretch, no nothing, like can't even get your mental right. Can he get, get your body right for it? It's pretty similar to trading, except instead of like the body work, you need to get your mental right. Cause for being real, like, you know, 99% of people can't do this. And if you are just assuming that, Hey, I can roll out of bed every single day, or I can fuck around every single day, um, and mess around and not necessarily take this thing super seriously, then, you know, you probably won't go far with this. So it really just like depends on, you know, like how serious you want to take this. And if you like are going to be real with yourself and say, okay, like I actually really do want to do this for a living. I actually do want to take this seriously. Like I do want to treat this like a job. Um, then treat it like that. Like, yes, you're not profitable right now, but what do all profitable traders do? They wake up, you know, an hour, two hours, like I wake up three hours before, no, four hours before market even opens. I'm wide awake. I'm, you know, like I've already taken pre-workout, I've drank my coffee, like I'm wide awake. I, I work out before I trade just so I can like clear my mind, clear my head and like get cardio in, like get your body stimulated, um, and ready for the day because with trading, like unlike other jobs, you just need to be super locked in for two hours out of the day. Um, and that's, that's really all like, that's it. And if you can't perform for those two hours, then you're screwed for the rest of the day. And it can fuck up your mental. It can fuck up, you know, like, let's say you don't perform during those two hours a day for a whole month. Um, you know, you don't make money for that month. Um, and it's just, it's as simple, it's as simple and as sad as that. Um, so, you know, like look at all the profitable traders, They take this shit real seriously They looking at news every day They analyzing news data They watching the charts They keeping up to date with it They doing trade recaps They backtesting They doing all this stuff to keep improving their craft So what makes you think that you, an unprofitable trader, can just roll out of bed and take a trade and end up being profitable and be a better trader than the people who take this shit real seriously and who are still already profitable, who have the skill of trading and who already know how to do this? what makes you think you can do less than the people who already know how to do this and still perform, right? It's a serious conversation that you need to have with yourself. Um, and you know, like I recommend just writing some of that stuff down, like, um, just sitting down with yourself and saying like, okay, what do I have to do to get myself in like a good mental spot? Whether it's like meditating, whether it's, um, like maybe reading like 10 pages of a book just to, you know, like give yourself peace of mind. I know for me, like I got ADD and ADHD and I'm always bugging out as you guys know from the bootcamp videos like I'm I'm a tweaker bro like I need to get energy out before I sit down and trade or else I'll be tweaking while I trade and I still tweak out while I trade um and the discord knows that but like it's like it's it's not necessarily distracted energy it's still like focused energy um and that's kind of that's kind of the main point of this little this little bootcamp video today's um you know like where is your what is your mental at where where are you focused on um when you're trading are you focused on other things are you focused on the charts are you focused on like let's say you have a big breakup with your girlfriend or like you know like you lose a loved one um are you okay to trade that day most likely you're not like you need to take that day off like that's very stressful you know like if a girlfriend breaks up with you like you're already in a terrible mood how do you think you would feel if you end up losing a trade, right? Like, let's say I end up losing this trade. And on top of that, like I get dumped or whatever. I don't have a girlfriend right now, but let's say all that happens in the same day. Like that's going to cause some serious, like emotional issues that is definitely not the best for trading and will honestly end up spiraling out of control. So it's keeping your mind and your emotions intact. That's the most important when it comes to this. So figure out like a little routine for yourself, figure out something, um, where you can, you know, end up focusing up, locking in, um, for, for this kind of thing. Um, because like, this is a, this is a big deal. This is a job that's like very high stress, very high risk as well. Um, and if you don't have everything locked in for those couple hours that you end up trading for the day, it's going to directly, directly correlate to your performance. Um, and like, obviously the people that do this for a living, like they have, they have bad weeks, um, not only in trading, but in life. And like, when you, like, I know me personally last week, like I was down in the dumps. Um, like, I don't know what it was. Like, I just wasn't in a great mood. And like, you could literally see a direct correlation to that in my trading. Um, and you know, like I'm in, I'm in a bad mood and like, and because of that, like my mind is just like in a negative state. And because of that, you know, like I had a small losing week. Um, so just something to think about, uh, for you guys, little tips and tricks with TJR, you know, get yourself a morning routine, make sure you're in a good mental state to be able to take trades. Um, and if you aren't, then just plain and simple, don't trade for that day or get yourself to a point where you are able to trade for that day, but with a sound mind and like, you know, understand where you're at emotionally and just be like, okay, like, am I actually okay to trade today? Or am I just coping and like convincing myself that I'm okay to trade? Cause I want to take out my emotions on the charts. Um, because like, I want to make money. I'm like searching for this dopamine boost of like gambling and making money. Um, because I just had like this bad, bad experience happen, or I'm just like in a bad mood today. So I want this good mood to pick me up, the potential to have this good mood, um, pick me up. And it odds are it'll never happen. Odds are you, you'll lose the trade and, you know, end up revenge trading and, um, taking way more losses than you actually should have. So that being said, much love. I appreciate y'all. Um, I will catch you guys tomorrow and I'll update the TikTok on however this trade does. Obviously, this gold trade went well, but this one, who knows where it's going to go. We're down 50% of drawdown now. Oh, no. But I'll let you guys know how this goes. I'll keep you guys updated on the TikTok. That being said, I'll catch you guys. Peace out.