All right, what's good guys? Welcome to a second bootcamp video because we took a second trade. I sent this out in the discord over just screenshots and most of the members were able to catch this. We just hit take profit one, so I figured I would update you guys as well. Again, similar to this gold trade that we took, I saw something similar with the S&P. So if we scale down in here, we see, you know, we grab liquidity from these four hour lows right here. We start rallying, start breaking structure to the upside. We see a extension out of this accumulation area. I don't know if I talked about this in the first video, but I did highlight this little accumulation area, how I would like that to be hit. It ended up getting hit. We get boom and extension up. However, we don't fill in anything within this fair value gap. We don't fill in anything within this little accumulation area here. Instead, we end up sweeping these lows, sweeping out this liquidity. And then from there, we get another set of rallies. OK, so we get boom, extension on up. And then from there, I highlighted this area of accumulation, right? We start scaling down into a lower time frame after we get the breakout of this retest down extension. Was that good enough? Nope, sweep these lows. Extension, boom, retest of this accumulation area here or just a retest of this order block after sweeping Boom these lows right here I scaled down into the one minute Okay we see the break of structure on the one minute timeframe That was enough for me to execute Executed off that stops underneath these lows First take profit were these set of highs right here with more room to run to the upside. I personally don't necessarily think that price is going to rally all the way up here, but if it wants to, I'm fine with that. I've already taken half of this position off and stops at break even. So this is a risk-free trade now. And also, we just moved into kind of pre-market for Asian sessions. So I'm definitely not really looking for anything special to happen over these next couple hours. Obviously, price will move, but nothing significant enough to make me care about it. So for now, like I just have my alerts set at break even and take profit too to see if price wants to push on up to this little accumulation area prior to this big drop on down. But I figured I would make this video just to update you guys. went two for two for today. Again, if you want access to these, the discord goes live on the first zone around three days. And yeah, those are pretty much the trades that we took today. I'm up around 30 grand just off that gold trade, which we ended up getting stopped back out at break even. We hit three take profits back out at break even. And then this one, we just hit our second or our first take profit with more room to run um hopefully we'll see if we can blow off the top of these but just wanted to update you guys hopefully y'all are doing good um yeah