Oh, myself. I've been singing for the rest of my life. Oh, myself. I've been singing for the rest of my life. Yeah, I'm a machine, I was taking a trip to LA, trying to hear, that money getting thin. I'm a machine, hold on, they think I'm the she. I'm a demon fan, come through poppin' shit up, hell yeah. Oh yeah, whatever it means, I'll catch you in it I won't drive your bag, cause I don't care I'm not gonna fuck with you No, they're not looking at you Facts like I'm in a gym I'm gonna eat you like you I ain't got time for nobody That shit all over my body Action, niggas like that Nigga, brother, nigga, slash Nigga, brother, nigga, slash Nigga, brother, nigga, slash Nigga, brother, nigga, slash Nigga, brother, nigga, slash I'm gonna break your heart in you I'm gonna break your heart in you I'm on shit. Boogie out here popping on his shit. Hola. Si. Oh, could you give me a call back in like 30 minutes? I'm sorry. thank you okay thanks bye didn't realize I had to be on a call um so we'll get through this nice and quick okay here we go so this was that S&P trade that I updated you guys on yesterday it ended up hitting Take Profits 2 and 3 Hit Take Profits 2 and 3 and just blue balled us but i still believe we hit take profit four um so again if you guys want to see the explanation of this um hop over to the boot camp day 5.5 or you know whatever where i just talk about this s&p trade the thought process behind it now let's go over this gj trade that we took and lost um today so essentially we were kind of doing the same, I don't know why, how did I get this thing? We were pretty much utilizing that same kind of strategy or whatever you want to call it today. So right here, essentially, we had like, boom, this thing right here, we had accumulation and then boom, we push right out of it, right? So where do we want price to draw back into? Where those orders were filled? Once price was able to break out of that, right? So this is where orders were filled prior to that leg up. We see the liquidity sweep. We see the break of structure to the upside. So from there, I pretty much just waited for price to get in here. And all I was waiting for was just quick and simple, five minute break of structure. And then a pushback down into it. And that's kind of how we executed. So boom, we see the leg in here. And then from there, we see price come down. And then boom, we break structure the upside, we get a change of trend, which I'm going to be making a full separate new strategy video, like low key, just because I know it'll get hella views. But I figured I would explain the accumulation, distribution, change of trend a little bit more and just put it all into one video and not necessarily do it on a bootcamp. So wait for that video to like kind of fully understand that the shit that I'm talking about, but essentially it's kind of, it's literally this, I'm trading the same exact way using the same concepts. I'll just explain it a little bit different. Fucking get a quick little 20 K view vid. But yeah, so we pushed back into where orders were filled prior to that leg up. We see we finally get a break of structure. All that I was looking for was this area to get revisited again and then a reaction off of it. We see that price boom comes down sweeps these lows. We get a reaction. Okay I didn enter off this candle I waited a little bit We see a dip little down in and then I entered off this candle right here My stop was underneath this five minute low Okay And then take profits were like this not necessarily like a great risk reward trade, but I liked where it was going. And I was telling the discord, this is one of those days, like look at the hourly. Where, where is this saying? This is, this is bullish fucking trend up, up, up, up, up, right? This is the exact thing that I was talking about in like day three or day. I don't even know. I can't remember what day. Um, but this is the exact trade that I told people, like, these are the trades that we want to lose when market literally just changed its direction. We did, you know, like everything to our knowledge correctly. We waited for all of our confluences. We waited for price to come into this accumulation area, this order block, whatever you want to call it. We waited for price to break structure to the upside. We waited for price to come back into this area. We waited for price to boom, react off it. We actually waited an extra two candles to get an actual reaction. And then we targeted highs, assuming that price would continue extending to, you know, continue this uptrend. However, what did price do? It dumped and ended up breaking that uptrend that we were in and just right. Proving us, proving, proving bias and sentiment or just flipping bias and sentiment. Okay. So like, these are the losses that I was talking about that I want to take. Okay. So I lost around eight grand on this. Um, and I actually, from the wins on the S and P and if this hits, um, I could still have another 20, 20k day I'm up around um I after this got hit and this got hit with the gj loss I'm still currently up 8k in profit and if this hits then I think I'll I think I'll be able to close the day uh let me see how much I'm up right now on the S&P so I'm up like an extra 5k right now if this goes up and hits take profit I'll probably make like 13k today I'm assuming that this is going to get hit just because that's kind of like the overall bias of the market like odds that this doesn't get hit is really really unlikely like I'm sure that this kind of thing was to scare people into selling just to grab more orders and push this thing higher I kind of have to go Today going to be a rather quick video because I leaving out to Utah So tomorrow video will be trapping off the laptop again You know, biggest thing that I could say from this is just like, you know, I'm very happy with the loss that we took today. I'm very happy with the one trade that we took today. And I'm also very happy about how this S&P trade has played out since yesterday. And I'm also very, very happy with how this gold trade has played out for us as well. Even though we did like we I can't remember, we hit three take profits on this gold trade from Monday. We ended up getting stopped back out at break even right here. But as you can see, the overall bias was still correct. I still said, look, I want gold to go higher. I even talked in the discord about this right here about, hey, we have this area of accumulation right here that we did tap into here, right? But then we came back down and made an actual retracement into it, right? Like on the four hour boom, pushing into this area that caused that initial leg up that we were trading in the first place, right? We saw boom, liquidity sweep leg up. How were those orders that we traded on the way up filled through this price range? We see price revisit that price range, get a break of structure on the five minute and now it's rallying. And remember what I was saying on this gold trade, like this is something that we easily could hold all the way up until here because, right, we're staying within that monthly bias, all that stuff. So I'm very happy with how today went. Honestly, like probably the best, like the best loss that I've taken in a while. Like if we're being real, really great risk management on this only lost eight grand while our runners from the S&P were able to cover that just completely. Um, so yeah, I was like very satisfied, um, with today's trading and how today went. So that being said, I got to wrap up this video, um, right now, cause I got, I got to call that dude that just called me, um, and figure some shit out. But other than that, I appreciate you guys. Bootcamp 2.0 still going strong. Um, uh, yeah, that's, that's pretty much it. I love and appreciate you guys. and I want to give you guys a little kissy on the lippy, and then, um, yeah, that's a, that's about it, all right, I love you guys, bye-bye.