Alright y'all, we got another little boot camp trade recap vid. We got some cool information to share on this video, or I mean not really cool information, but to start off we'll talk about the trades that we took today. We'll go ahead and start off with the losing trade that we took which was this GU trade. Okay so to start off this is kind of the main overall bias if we look here right we're in an uptrend on the four hour scale over the hourly i know we were in a downtrend however you know kind of how i've been trading recently and i'll make a video on this later um in the future maybe like next week or something um i'm kind of looking just for like areas of accumulation prior to like big extensions up so that's what we had right in here if we go down to the 15 minute we can see that we had like this bit of accumulation before this big strong leg up okay and then i also marked this um after the fact because we're getting a reaction off of this right now right because this could be considered another one of those things where it's like okay right what is this this is that leg down that was able to fill those orders prior to that move up okay um so that looks like what price is reacting off of right now um we just kind of got the short end of it but anyways um let's get into this let's get into why we took the trade and what we could have done better okay so to start off we came in and we swept these london session lows okay so for me that was pretty big deal and then on top of that we broke we broke structure here off this five minute high okay and then from there i didn't even enter off that i said all right like that wasn't a prominent enough high so i want to see more of a reaction so from there i marked off this fair value gap we see price push into the fair value gap and then break one minute structure the upside so then i was like cool now i'm definitely getting into this so i entered off this candle right i originally had my stop underneath here but then i was like look i can actually have my stop underneath here because if it wants to fill this all the way then this is still a valid trade it'll get invalidated once we sweep out this because then those london session that london session liquidity sweep is pretty much invalidated okay and then from there we kind of hopped around we were in profit for a little bit our take profits were up here um you know kind of just based off of like whatever i saw on the chart order blocks um just like high areas with confluence where price could react off of but anyways price ended up obviously coming down stopping us out okay so this was the first trade that we took um and then oh sorry what could i have done better here um you know probably wait for just more of like a more of a a break out of this area for me like it was really big seeing okay right we push into this area once and then we boom we're able to close above these highs right here and then we sweep these lows and then rally like that to me was like okay this looks like a good trade to take um i what i could have done better would have been waiting for just even more confirmation on the five minute, right? Because technically, like, I would have wanted to wait for this high, this prominent high to get pushed above this high that we pushed above technically wasn't a prominent high. Ideally, like, let's say this high was kind of after the fact, right? We would have wanted to enter once this high gets pushed above because this is a prominent high. This is a prominent high. This is a prominent high would have wanted to wait for like one of those to get taken out. So this is one of those days where it's like, okay, you did something wrong, right? Like the trade that we lost on GJ, I can't remember when that was either. No, that was two days ago. The trade that we lost two days ago that was like a good trade to lose This trade something to learn from right Like we didn take out any prominent highs We didn close above any prominent highs Ideally we wait for more of a confluence on that. And, um, on that side of the spectrum, uh, before we start getting into, you know, more trades. Um, so yeah, that was that, that was the first trade ended up losing around like 10 grand on that. And then moving forward to this S&P 500 trade, very, very, literally the exact same thought process on this. Again, I'm still using that same like new strategy or whatever the fuck you want to call it. Just kind of like finding higher timeframe bias and then finding higher timeframe order blocks or just areas of accumulation and then taking trades based off that. That's what's been working really fucking well this week. So I'm firing on it. So same thing here, right? We had this area of accumulation. We break out of it. I kind of highlight this order block right here, right? We sweep liquidity leg up after that. So this is where orders were filled. I see price kind of moving on down, gives me some high confluence that it's looking good to go. We break structure the upside on the five minute. Again, that wasn't enough for me because what I've noticed, especially with the month of August, and you guys can probably say the same, a lot of smart money concept people have been getting kind of fucked over. And what I've noticed from the market is that it will give you a smart money concept like set up, but it won't give you like super high confluences on it. It'll give you like one or two of those confluences and then people will enter and then it'll end up stopping them out. So like, what did we have here? Right. We had that five minute break of structure and like a push into the order block. But then, boom, we get this big leg down. We sweep this liquidity. And then from there, I was like, OK, cool. We had the five minute break of structure. Now we just swept liquidity and we broke one minute structure to the upside. Like we're good to go. So I entered once. I'm trying to remember when we entered. If I'm being real, let me go to the five minute. Oh, yeah. I entered off this five minute candle closure right here because right. This is that five minute order or not really order block. But this is the whole order block. We got the break of structure. We got a sweep. And then this was like, I guess I considered it an order block or whatever you want to call it. Just an area where orders were filled prior. We come through there and then boom, we get this five minute bullish closure. Okay, that for me, good to go. Longed it. My stop was underneath these lows. I probably could have tucked it a little bit, put it underneath there, give myself a better RR. But we ended up hitting take profit one. And then as you can see, the rest of us got stopped out at break even. And today was like a whatever day. I ended up losing money today. Ended up losing like 0.25%. Lost like five grand. So that's like, you know, just like part of the game. You know, we hit one take profit on the S&P and then had like a pretty steep stop on GU. Or I mean like we adjusted our stop to, where did we put it? I adjusted my stop underneath these lows instead of like above here. So added a little bit more risk on the table for that GU trade. So that's just sometimes like, you know, how it goes. We win a trade and we lose a trade and sometimes the loser will eat the winner, but not by a lot. And then the same thing will happen like on that day where I just traded GJ, the runners from my S&P 500 trade ended up completely eating that one loss that I took. So what I wanted to talk about today for like the lesson portion of things was understanding what trades to take when you have like two, three or four trade setups. And for me, I was debating between kind of all of these. I was waiting for GJ to give me a long setup. It never ended up actually producing a long setup on here. Luckily obviously we would got stopped out on it But I was talking to the Discord and I was like yeah there times when you could have like two three or four trade setups and you know all of them look good But that doesn't mean you're going to take it each and every single one of them. Right. It just means, OK, you have to choose between them. And then from choosing it, it should be pretty obvious of what you want to do there. you want to choose whichever trades give you the best risk to reward, have the most confluence, and whichever one is like fully within the daily bias. So like for me, this GJ trade, it looked great on paper, right? Four hour bullish. The one hour was bearish, but it came within like this area or whatever. You know, we've been pushing higher and higher. Okay. So for me, this trade, like it looked good, but then when I mapped out what I wanted the risk to reward to be when I was debating between taking this or the GU trade, yes, both of them would have gotten stopped out or this one didn't even give me a setup. But let's say we went long here and had our stops underneath here. This was a high area, like a high confluence area where price could have reacted off of. And the best it was going to give me was a one-to-one or actually when I mapped it out, it was like a one to like 0.7 or something. I don't know where I mapped it off of. It was something like this. And I was like, okay, well, that's not worth it to me when GU is giving me like a 1 to 1.5 on my first take profit. And these are practically the same trade setups. I'm just taking the one that's giving me a better RR, right? It's the same trade setup, relatively same confluence. Their biases are pretty similar. But GU is just giving an overall better risk to reward. So what am I going to take? I'm going to take the GU trade. And then on top of that, if you do have two trades that you are able to take during the day, make sure your risk plan is like set up and ready for that. So for me, when I see like two or three like trade setups for the day, like today, right, I lost 10 grand on GU. Like that's that's around like 50 of what i'm willing to lose in a day So I pretty much was like, okay cool Like i'm going to go in with like half of what I would want to risk on the day Knowing damn well that i'm probably going to take a second trade second trade showed up I was able to take it and then from there I was able to cut that loss that I had in half because this trade ended up hitting take profit Sure, it didn't eat my loss completely but still it helped ease off the pain of losing just like one trade for the day instead of just like you know and and that would be the worst thing too right you have two super good trade setups but your risk tolerance doesn't match up for it so you only decide to take one what would happen if i only took the gu trade and didn't take the s&p 500 trade i would probably get emotional i would probably want to revenge trade thinking oh yeah i'm a good trader because i would have hit on this S&P trade, but I didn't hit on GU. Like it was just unlucky. It was this, it was that, right? You got to understand your risk parameters and what you're putting on the table every single day. So that is kind of what I wanted to teach you guys about today. Kind of going over like, hey, understand your risk moving into the day. And then also understand, hey, if there's multiple setups for that day, figuring out which one is good, right? I would kind of go over all those things that I mentioned, right? Which one has more confluences, which one is more in line with your daily bias and which one gives a better risk to reward. Those are kind of the top three ones that I would cycle through in my head. You know, if, if let's say you're only going to take two trades, two trades a day, right? And like, for me, that was the case. And I had like three potential trade setups. Okay. So I'm sitting there saying like, okay, let me look through all three of these trade setups, figure out which one's, you know, higher confluence, which one will probably end up playing out. Right. Cause you know, there's some trades where it's like, Oh yeah, like this one looks money And maybe that just comes with market experience Maybe some of you guys aren there yet Cause you guys think all your trades are going to hit And that how you should be right You should have the confidence of getting into a trade assuming that it going to hit take profit. But like you kind of get a feeling of which one's higher confluence or which one is a better trade setup. You know, like this one, clear liquidity sweep, clear break of structure, clear order block entry, and then clear reaction off of it, you know, with a good risk reward and in line with daily bias, that's a very high probability trade that you'll probably end up hitting versus let's say there's no liquidity sweep. It's just in a high confluence area. There's a one break of structure and you haven't seen a reaction yet. And there's not really that great of a risk reward. Probably lay off on that and take the other one. And then let's say you got like three and two of them are higher probability than the other. There's no reason to take all three. Just split those positions up amongst those two trades and then you'll be good to go. okay so that's kind of what I wanted to teach you guys about today kind of how to um how to leverage your risk management so you're able to take two positions a day like I did today um and still be risking the same amount as if it were one trade but you're giving yourself the ability to say hey both these are pretty high confluence trades even though I got stopped out on GU you know like I was confident in it um you know both these are relatively high confluence trades. And, you know, there's no reason for me not to take both of these, but I know my risk tolerance. So because of that, I'm going to boom, maybe chop some of my risk down on the first trade that I take. And let's say the second trade doesn't even play out. Let's say the second trade doesn't even give you an execution point. That's fine, man. Just let, and then if anything, look, let's say we only entered this GU trade. Perfect. I only lost 50% of what I was willing to risk on the day, that's better than a full, you know, like 1% down on the day, 2% down or 3% down on the day. That's 50% down of what you would have lost. Right. And if, you know, in this case, if one of them hits take profit, even fucking better, right. You just managed, you either ate up that loss that you just took or cut that loss down or had a break even day. If this hit take profit too, I would have been at break even and odds if it hit take profit too, it would have just kept pushing. so like you know it's those small little things that can slowly start eating your losses up right if I had just taken that GU trade and did full risk I probably would have been down 20 grand on it it but I split it split it into two positions boom I entered in on GU I entered in on the S&P split those up 50 50 I hit on the S&P I lost on GU I was able to cut my loss in half or cut my loss into a quarter of what it would have been on the day if I had just taken GU because I saw two high probability setups. I cycled out of GJ. I said, look, this isn't giving me a setup. This is low risk to reward. I'm not going to take it. I'm going to take these two. And look what happened. Yes, I still had a losing day today, but I managed my risk and I was able to make this losing day way, way less than what it would have been if I had just taken one trade and if I had risk full on on it. So that being said, hopefully you guys appreciate that little tip and trick. Hopefully you guys can apply that to your own trading. Cause I know I see a lot of you guys saying like, Hey, like if I had taken this trade, like I would have been profitable on the day or like, I shouldn't like, I should, I wish I could have taken this trade or this trade. And it's like, you can take those trades as long as your risk management is able to be like, is able to work for it. You know, like if you can't, if you aren't able to take two trades based off your risk tolerance, cut down the lot size, cut down how much you're risking. Okay. A lot of you guys need to do that anyways, just on a regular position. Most of you guys are risking a lot of money. Okay. So that being said, hopefully you guys learned something from this. Hopefully you guys can improve your risk management so you guys can cut down your losses and increase your wins. With that being said, I appreciate y'all and I'll probably see you guys tomorrow.