If you guys clicked on this video, you guys have probably already received your first payout or you guys have goals, hopes, and dreams to achieve this milestone. And let me tell you guys, and you guys have probably experienced this firsthand. If you guys have already received your first payout, the momentum that you guys get from the first payout is really going to push you to eventually change your life forever. So, that's what I wanted to explain to you guys in this video is how we can use that first payout to our advantage so that we can again compound this skill to help make us more money through the skill that we've learned that helped us get this first payoff. And then if you guys haven't gotten your first payout yet, I'm going to help you guys understand how you guys can hopefully achieve that goal of yours and then again get on that same trajectory to have trading change your life all together. So, with that being said, let's get into it. So, the first thing that I want to discuss is what happens after your first payout. So boom, you got the profit target. You hit request and then boom, the money hits your account. What are you doing? What are you splashing it on? Are you going to the mall? Are you hitting Louis V? Are you going to some reselling store? Are you getting yourself a pair of Rick Owens boots? What are you doing? Okay, what are you guys doing with that first payout? I hope I hope I pray that you guys are not going to go and splash it on something dumb. However, we are going to save a portion of that payout for a purchase that's going to help us realize the power and the tool that money actually is. But let me give you guys an example from me. When I got my first payout, I actually didn't spend it on anything stupid. I just went and bought more accounts because I was like, bae, if I was able to do this once, I'm going to be able to do it again. And I'm sure a lot of you guys are in the same exact situation. And depending on what the payout size is, obviously that's going to vary whether or not you guys can buy multiple accounts, whether you can only buy one more account, or whether you guys can buy multiple accounts and have some leftover as some spending money to again see the fruits of your labor to be able to buy stuff that you've never been able to buy before. And that's what I want to talk about in this video and how we can also compound these payouts over time so that again trading can change your life and we can actually make this a consistent income. But before we get into that, I want to explain the I guess just feeling and the process of me getting my first payout. And it was pretty much the exact same process I'm as a lot of you guys, I'm sure, have gone through. You guys buy funded accounts and then you blow them, blow them, blow them, and then you're just throwing a freaking temper tantrum and you're just like, "Why me? Why me? I It's this firm's fault. They freaking suck. I should have gotten the payout. Their system glitched. No, I didn't lose this amount of money. They I I know what I was doing. Your system's wrong. I'm right. You know, emailing customer support, sending them crazy messages saying, "F you guys. I shouldn't have blown that account." Or lying to them saying, "Hey, I accidentally placed this trade." And just like the hopes that they might feel some sort of sympathy. And uh we've all been there before. We have all been there. So there's literally not a single experience that you guys haven't just recently lived through that I haven't gone through because I've been in your situation before, bro. Like I vividly remember emailing like literally 20 different emails to customer support saying, "Bro, like I didn't place this trade, my cousin did it or whatever, you know, I was coming up with a whole bunch of shit." And I'm sure you guys have done that before, too. But once you kind of get through that process, bullshitting and trying to convince yourself that the reason why you failed the account is all of these other external things. And the second that you realize that you were the actual reason for why you blew the account, that's when you can actually take some accountability. And that's actually when you're going to get a whole lot closer to getting your first payout. Once I started taking accountability for my actions and the poor trades that I was taking and the poor risk management that I was having during all of these accounts that I was blowing, I slowly started to realize, damn, I'm the reason for the money that I'm losing from these funded accounts. I'm the only reason for why I'm blowing these accounts. And then once you do that, you give all the power in yourself to be able to pass the account by yourself. Because if you have the power to be able to fail the account, I know this sounds stupid, but if you have the power to fail the account, then you also have the power to pass it. And it's no longer the market's fault. It's no longer the firm's fault. It's no longer any of these other external things that you were originally placing the blame on for why you were failing the accounts. But now once you take the blame on yourself for the reason why you failed the accounts, now you also have the ability to pass the accounts yourself. And it's no longer in these external things hands. And then again once it's in your hands obviously we need a strategy that's going to give us probability. We need a riskmanagement plan. Everybody has different risk management plans. I have several YouTube videos explaining how you guys can use different risk management plans to be able to pass these funded accounts. There's different strategies for every single firm. So again, it kind of depends and varies on what account you choose, what account size you're choosing, whether it's end of the day trailing draw down, whether it's trailing equity draw down, what your consistency rule is, right? There's a bunch of these different rules on these firms that are built and set up to make sure that you can prove that you're a profitable trader. But once you do that and once you're able to pass the account and once you're able to make money and then once you're able to get a payout because that's the whole point of this video is like what do you do with that payout and a lot of people do these things very very incorrectly. And this is kind of the game plan that or the strategy that I would go about for you. The first thing that you need to do is one you need to put away money for taxes. I know I thought you you guys were probably going to think I was going to put you on a whole bunch of games. No, you just made money. Congratulations. Welcome to the real world. You're an adult now, dude. You are in a full-fledged living adult. And there's two things that are guaranteed in this life. Death and taxes. And there's a reason why that's a quote. There is one trillion% a reason why that's a quote. Because no matter freaking what, without a freaking doubt, you are going to have to pay taxes, especially if that payout is of any sort of a significant number. And point blank period, you should be paying your taxes no matter what. So that's the first thing that you need to do. you need to calculate, hey, how much taxes am I going to have to pay on this payout that I just received? And then from there, what you should do is once you allocate that money over to the side for taxes, put it in a high yield savings account and just wait until the end of the year to pay it. Then from there, you're going to take the rest of the money, and this is where we can get fun with it. So, what I would definitely like to do is I would like to take 50% of that payout amount and allocate that towards new accounts because you just proved to yourself that you can pass these accounts and you can make money. We need to allocate bare minimum 50% of this payout towards growth, right? We need to be able to take the money that we just made and then we need to grow it, right? I think about the clothing company that me and my business partner run, right? We make clothes and then we sell the clothes and then once we sell the clothes, what do we do? Do we just like take the profit and then like go dip out? No, we go and buy more clothes, okay? And we buy even more units and even more inventory so that we can make more money. It's the same case with trading. You need to now see trading as a business. Okay? Because originally you guys were treating this as a game and you guys were just losing all your money. But now that you're actually learning how to make money and you understand this game, you need to treat it like a business. You pay money to be able to make money. And once you make money, you take that money and reinvest it into the business, reinvest it into account so that you can end up making more money. That's how business works and that's how you guys need to be treating this. Then from there, the other 50% of the payout, what am I going to be looking to allocate this toward? Well, I'm definitely going to want to allocate at least like 30 to 40% depending on what the dollar amount is towards investments. Okay? You guys are going to slowly but surely want to start building up an investment portfolio for yourself. And just for clarity or and like for easiness, we're just going to say toss that into the S&P 500. That's going to be your safest bet. I'm not a financial adviser, so I have no freaking clue how to invest. I'm an absolute dumbass, right? But I have pe I have a wealth manager. He does that for me. I also have a stock portfolio that I manage myself. And then I also have several different high yield savings accounts. I also have bond ladders, okay? And all of these all of these different things that are structured to help preserve my money. And you guys need to start doing that, too. Especially early on because if you guys don't start building these habits right now, then you guys are going to be screwing yourself over in the future. Because if you don't know how to manage a measly $5,000 payout, even though right now it feels like a lot of money to you, then how do you expect you're going to be able to handle a $50,000 payout? We need to start building these good habits right now. and then make sure that we're not building bad habits so that when these payouts rise, we're not having poor spending habits. And then last but not least, what is the 20 or the 10% that of the payout going to be used for? This is going to be the fun part. Where are we going to allocate that? Buy whatever the you want, man. Buy whatever the you want. Literally go and blast that Go on Melrose. Buy a designer bag. Go to Gucci. Get yourself a pair of frames. Go to Chrome. Get yourself a pair of pants. Even though those things are like a billion dollars. do whatever the you want with that money, man, cuz you earned it. And that is going to teach you the power of money. And guess what? Every single person, they're going to want to buy something different. Some person's going to want to buy a guitar. I personally think guitars are for nerds. But nerds are going to see a guitar and be like, "Holy this guitar is sick." Me, I'm going to buy a big ass rapper chain. Why? Cuz I think it's sick. And it is sick. So that's what you guys are going to be able to do with your money. You're going to be able to buy something sick and you're going to be like, "Holy actually following my trading plan, following my strategy, following my risk management plan gets me a rapper chain. Oh my god, I want to do this every single day." Or the nerd's going to be like, "Holy this following my trading plan is going to be able to let me strum on these strings where like John Mayer plucked his ass hairs and strung it through this and it's just strumming so good. They give you a guitar pick that's made of like Led Zeppelin's toenails and you're just like, "Oh, Shrum's so good." I love that money's able to buy you this. We need to experience how good money can make our lives and that's going to push us and want to pressure us to be able to make more. And what did we already do? We already allocated a significant amount of money to be able to make more through the 50% that we already put towards other accounts. Now, let's get into how we can actually get some exponential growth here. Once we can get a payout, well, I've already mentioned this to you. Once you're able to see what the money can do for your life, it's going to make you a whole bunch of more motivated, and it's going to make you stick to your strategy, stick to your risk management plan, and it's going to make it a lot easier to get your payout. Also, you're going to break through this psychological barrier that a lot of people, and bro, it was the exact same thing with me, and I'm sure it's going to be the exact same thing with you, where you guys pass the funded account, and then you guys can never get a payout. There's one wall of passing the account and again a lot of people are able to break through that wall. But then there's a second wall of being able to actually get a payout from a prop firm. So a lot of people are able to pass the account and then from there it's like awesome, we're on the payout phase, but then not many people can get through that payout phase and actually be able to make money. Why? Because there's another psychological barrier. But once we're able to break past that, boom, the doors are just busted wide the open. We know how to pass the funded account. We know that we've gotten a payout before. we can do this again. And it fully breaks down that psychological barrier. So that's how we're that first payout is going to change literally everything for you. So there's no longer that, oh, I don't know what I'm doing or oh my gosh, there's so much pressure. No, We've already done this before, okay? We we know what we're doing. Like we're going to act like we've been there before because we have been there before. Why? Because we have a rapper chain now. Okay? And we know that we we know how to operate in these situations. Okay? On top of that, that first payout is going to give you guys the opportunity to be able to buy more accounts and then start compounding. Okay? So, if you guys, like, for example, if you guys are trading on Alpha Futures, Coach TJR saves you 10% or 20% off. Okay? If you guys were only using one, okay, one of the accounts, then boom, what's the max amount of accounts that you guys can have on Alpha Futures? You guys can have three of their advanced accounts. So, awesome. Once you get a payout from this account, boom, what am I doing? I'm going right back over and I'm buying two more so that I can stack and get max aloe. And then from there, if you have even more money left over from that 50%, where can we go? We can go over to Tradeify and CotJR saves you money there as well. But we can go over to Tradeify and then we can buy more accounts there. And then boom, now we're stacking our capital that we can trade with. And now instead of only getting a $5,000 payout or $2,500 payout from Prop Firm, we're getting $20,000 payouts. And then guess what? We're going to get a bigger rapper chain. We're gonna buy even more accounts. We're gonna be able to invest even more. And then boom, that's called compound games. I almost said the n word. That's compound gains, dude. That's lit, right? And then it all stems from breaking busting through that It all stems from that. It all stems from that. That's how it happens. We boom, we get that first payout and save money for taxes and then we're rich, We're rich. Why? Because we can go buy more accounts. We can start investing in our future earner and then we can start dripping ourselves the out. Okay? That is why getting the first payout from profit is so so I mean, bro, it's lifechanging because you break down all these psychological barriers and then you give yourself access to be able to buy things that you've never been able to buy before. And it's going to make you understand the power and the tool that money is within our lives. And then you're also going to be able to understand the power and the tool of investing. You're going to start seeing your account start compounding and then you're also going to be able to understand reinvesting into yourself and reinvesting into your business and reinvesting into your skill set because you're buying more accounts. Then it's also unfortunately going to teach you the brutal that is called taxes, right? That's why I live out here in Puerto Rico. And you guys will learn that very very quickly once you guys have to start paying taxes on these payouts. Is no joke. But that's why everything can change after your first payout. And if you guys are struggling trying to break through that point right now, do not worry. And I'm going to explain to you guys how you guys can strive to be able to get your first payout. And hopefully within all of that, you guys should sort of understand like, okay, I understand what I have to do in order to get here because I was just explaining all of the things that you are now realizing once you get the first payout of all the things that you had to do that you weren't doing in the first place. So, it's literally as simple as we need to find a strategy. We need to have the skill set of trading, right? We need to have a skill set of being having probability within the market that come through strategy. We need to have a proper risk management plan for both the evaluation stage and the payout phase. And if you can't pre-establish these risk management plans prior to getting onto the account and prior to trading, then you're You can't just sit there and then be like, I think I'm going to risk this much per day. No, you need to have a set risk management plan for the evaluation stage and for the payout stage so your psychology and your mental doesn't you over when you're live trading, right? And then last but not least, we just need to break down the psychological barriers so that we can stay disciplined. And hopefully this video gave you guys kind of some insight or like a a look into the future of what your life could potentially be like once you start getting these payouts. Okay? And if that isn't motivation enough for you guys to want to stay disciplined to your risk management plan, to your strategy, to be able to make these money from these prop firms, then to be quite honest, I don't think trading is for you because you clearly don't want it bad enough. I can tell you this much trading can change your life and it all starts with that first payout and that's when things can start compounding for you. And I'm sure if you guys have gotten your first payout, you guys have experienced this before. But if you guys haven't gotten there yet, you guys need to understand there are strict rules that we need to follow in order to be able to get there. And I'm telling you this much, just do yourself a favor. If you haven't gotten a single payout yet, that means something needs to change. You need to change something. And I can promise you this much is not changing the strategy. We need to stay disciplined. I can promise you that if you guys look back on, okay, how have I been trading and how many funded accounts have I blown? I can promise you that if you look back to every single one of those funded accounts, have you followed your strategy to a te? Probably not. Have you followed your risk management plan to a te? Did you even have one? Probably not. That's why you're losing. Okay? So, do me a favor. I'm going to ask something out of you guys. The next time that you guys go and load up a freaking funded account and go buy a funded account, ready to yip, I'm going to give my first payout. You're not allowed to break your rules until you can actually get that first payout and you can actually get a taste of what life is supposed to be like on the other side of being a profitable trader. But it's true. You guys truly need to stick to these sets of rules in order for you guys to be able to get your first payout. And it's crazy that I have to tell you this because you guys already know that that's something that you should stick to. Literally, that's the only way that you guys are going to get a payout. Okay? And with that being said, I hope you guys learned something from this. And hopefully that helped you guys kind of understand what we should be doing with our first payout, how we can compound it, and then also how you guys can help get yourself to your first payout so that your life can change forever. All right, with that being said, I love and appreciate you guys. I'll catch you guys in the next one. Be sound.